---
title: Community of practice + Fullstack Javascript
published_at: 2025-05-02
snippet: 8a
disable_html_sanitization: true
allow_math: true
---

# Homework
1. **Upgrade Blog** ✅
2. **List 5 communities you are a member of:**
    1. RMIT creative coding student
        - Domain: Bachelor of Design, Building 9, Bowen St
        - Repertoire: skills in creative coding and digital media
        - Values: Art, Creativity, online/digital world
    2. Family?
        - Domain: My House, 
        - Repertoire: knowledge about each other's days and lives?
        - Values: Safely, Well-being and Livelihood?
    3. Film club
        - Domain: Each other's houses or 'The Sun' Yarravile, or posibly online in a groupchat or letterboxd?
        - Repertoire: Understanding of media and popular culture
        - Values: Cinema!
    4. Board games group
        - Domain: Each other's houses
        - Repertoire: Critical thinking skills and enjoyment/satisfaction
        - Values: Sportsmanship and Compeditivness. challanging tasks.
    5. Work at a cafe
        - Domain: Nabo, Kingsville
        - Repertoire: Social connection, coffe?
        - Values: Environment, sustainability, comunity, art

*Domain refers to place where they meet or what brings them together
*Repertoire is the knowledge developed as a community 

3. **Brainstrom Ideas for Assignment 3**
    1. I have an upcoming family reunion that I'm getting excited for, but I'm embarrassed that I don't know any of them. Partly because I have **tons** of relatives and partly because I've never met them. 
    My idea is a family tree web-app that gets each person to enter their name and parents to generate a web that visually displays their connection to them. 
    It could include other cool features, not sure yet, but with heaps of data, I could see how closely related we are or visualise interesting facts?? 
    2. My friends and I like to play a few competitive board games like Oath, Root, and Catan. We've always joked about a system that records each person's wins and losses over time to see who is truly the best😈
    3. It would also be really cool to make some sort of system to work out which movie my film club will watch next. I've been thinking about accessing the Letterboxd API or letting people in the community vote on upcoming movies using algorithms to pick a choice that would please as many people as possible 🤷


**Why might these be interesting??**

I'm not sure... I'll think about this 