---
title: Live coding
published_at: 2025-05-06
snippet: 8b 
disable_html_sanitization: true
allow_math: true
---

Super inspiring class today. Thanks, Thomas and Adrian, for showing your works 🫡 very cool.

# Homework
1. **In teams of 2-3, use flok.cc to make a live coding performance**
Since I'm really late to this, I'll see if anyone is willing to redo it with me, or else I'll work alone or see if I can rope someone (with no coding experience) into doing this with me😬
For now this is my solo project... I will update with a duo work maybe later...

[Hydra performance]

2. **Thoughts on live coding??**
**Very cool** I'm very interested in this idea of making music from scratch live. And the techno aesthetic is awesome. Although I do find that my intrigue stems from the media's entry barrier, and while it has hype, it means engagement and collaboration are harder.  

I went to see a friend's DJ set a few weeks ago, and they had the most boring, outdated graphics I'd ever seen. For me, it detracted from the music🤦 and I can't help but think some sort of live coded visuals could really help them out... definitely an avenue to explore for my assignment 3, but I'm not sure that they have any gigs lined up? Also would love if the visuals were responsive to the music, but I suppose adding the human buffer could be fun?

Domain of live coding: Could be physical space or gig, or could be virtual environment 🤔

Repertoire: Code, make music, make visuals, make art, have fun, inspire creativity. 

Values: Music, Art, digital technologies?

---

**Discussion on the relationship between the arts and _____:**
Young people's motivation to learn: I think it's always the responsibility of the next generation to challenge and push forward art and what's socially acceptable. I think my generation especially, will have lots of conflict with intellectual property and human creativity.

Education systems: I think (generally) the education system stifles creativity. Pressure with grades and messages of success combined with deadlines and limited opportunities (not even getting started with the commodification of education) means people are incentivised to make something quicker and less thought out as opposed to something they really are passionate about. I also think on a larger scale the arts are economically disadvantaged meaning only people from certain backgrounds have the opportunity to express their point of view. Inequity defeats the porpoise of the arts but you know... whatever?

Discourse and debate: I think art is such an interesting part of the human condition because of its subjectivity. I think the volatility and community-based aspects of the arts mean it can be interpreted, however. Debate is really important in art.

Legislation: I talked about this briefly above but I think the arts are disincentivised in terms of funding and opportunity. It would be lovely to see more appreciation for it in the future. 

blah blah blah, sorry for the yap